Oh
okay it's the first day of lectures I'm
just about to head off I've decided new
year new me and I'm actually gonna turn
up on time to my lectures this year it's
gonna happen I always turn up five
minutes late and it's just ridiculous
so not anymore but well on time today
touchwood so I'm going to go cycle off
to the Iowa for my first section oh it's
on cosmology huh new lecture series
isn't this exciting new left from as
well so I've had lectures this morning
my first two lectures off time the first
one was the start of my cosmology course
which i think is going to be my favorite
lecture course of the year cosmology
looks at the origin of the universe and
the evolution of the universe and yeah
the Big Bang is cool however I also
think it's going to be quite a tough
course the lecturer said as we sat down
right so it's a prerequisite for
cosmology that you all understand
general relativity really well and
you've all had a lecture course on that
last term so that should be fine and I
just thought to myself huh I mean I've
been lectured on it but some revision is
definitely needed of my general
relativity course last term the handout
for the cosmology course is so big like
a really fat booklet let me show you
look at that there's a lot of pages
there a lot of pages that it's like a
textbook honestly really like densely
packed pages of information but the
lecturer did say will not expected to
know everything in this book for the
exams and the best way that we can find
out what we need to know for exams is by
doing past papers but he also said that
exams aren't what we should all be
thinking about and there is more to
education than it glams and so he's
going to teach us more beyond the course
scheduled during the lectures just so we
get a really good understanding of the
field of cosmology he was like if all
you're here for is the exams and all
you're focused on is the exams then you
might as well just leave now go and do
some passed paper questions and the
example sheets and don't bother coming
to the lectures
you see I'm not I'm obviously not just
there for the exams and I am really
quite interested in the field but the
stuff we have to know for exams is
already quite a lot here the course is
really intense enough as it is honestly
this year or I'm focusing on is getting
through the exams and I think that's
fair because this grade is going to
affect me when applying for jobs and in
my future career but also I want to make
the most of studying at this top
institution and learn as much as I can
but it would have bite off more than I
can chew if I make sense so actually on
another night I wanted to mention that
the Jesus called the Student Union have
an Instagram page and they are currently
putting up one minute day-in-the-life
videos of students at the college so if
you want to see more of what Jesus cloth
students like myself get up to during
their days at Cambridge go check out
their Instagram page and I'll put a link
in the description to it I am going to
get to work because I have taken a
two-hour lunch break what it's the start
of time ok guys I'm gonna get to it
I'm up put some music on because that
makes it a little less of a struggle
when I've got some music to keep me
going good morning everyone it is Friday
morning second day of lectures I've only
got one lecture today which is very
exciting look to my timetable last night
and was like oh that's very nice only 10
to 11 on a Friday it is Astrophysical
fluids it is a shared course with the
physics students but it's still hosted
at the IOA hello everyone so I've been
to my lectures this morning the
Institute of astronomy got invaded by
physics students today they had a
lecture it turns out at 9:00 this
morning before my lecture started at 10
so the lecture theatre was almost full
when all the astrophysics turned up for
our 10 o'clock that job and that was
like nowhere to park my bike outside I
was like I've never seen it this busy I
walk to the lecture theatre I couldn't
even get a seat but the lecturer was
like now this is a bit awkward because
the IOA offers coffee and tea and
biscuits to the astrophysics students
but I'm afraid the physics students
you're not allowed to have any so
astrophysics students
help yourself to some coffee um sorry
physics students bit awkward but the
thing is there's so many physics
students that like the Institute of
astronomy can't cater all of them and
you know if they wanted that free tea
and coffee they should have opted for
astrophysics so I really need to make a
move on my quantum mechanics work today
it's time-dependent perturbation theory
and who actually knows beyond that I
mean that's not to do the density
operator that I need to learn that I do
not know at the moment however I need to
have lunch and I also need to go to
Sainsbury's so I think I'm gonna go on a
quick Sainsbury's trip now okay peace
successful Sainsbury's shop has been
done here is blush shopping took me a
bit longer than expected accidie cuz
Sainsbury's moved around all the aisles
so I was like where are the eggs the
eggs are normally in this aisle they
were moved to aisles along and at a
different point in the aisle and the
tuna the tuner has moved I was like
where's my canned tuna this is a
normally a quick thing I pick up look at
Sainsbury's trying to keep me on my toes
I think I got everything I needed
oh my god it is freezing cold
absolutely
I've done in the library but I'm going
back to my room I'm setting up my work
on my desk Saturday morning the fiction
is quite quiet everyone is either in bed
or up working I force myself to get out
of bed this morning I did not want to
get up but also I need to get some work
done today I've got a lecture at midday
and I've actually got another talk this
evening at the Masters lodge at school I
think I might have mentioned going to
one of these talks last week but I don't
think I ever told you much about it last
week it was a producer a TB film
producer and also a like head of
communications PR guy from another big
company and they both had these very big
careers in media kind of front end stuff
creative side and the other back end
logistics aside it was really
interesting to hear them speak and then
have the opportunity to ask them any
questions so I was like you know what I
want to go again this week because this
week those two casting directors coming
in so I can ask them all about their
jobs I just won with Oh couple now
that's the name that we've made up so
you won't know the game it's actually
called Cabo I think just to be thinkable
or what was the other name for taste
yeah I've been playing Spain for a while
now to get very frustrated but winning
to win I'm very proud of myself amazin
because you guys were like company with
my memory games has eaten breakfast
yesterday happy person on board
well guess how many there were I have
hello everyone so I don't think I've
updated you today yet but it is Sunday
this morning I've just been doing work
my quantum mechanics work which is still
not finished so it looks like my evening
is going to be me struggling through
quantum mechanics but I am just about to
head out and meet a friend for coffee so
that'll be a nice break and I also feel
like I need some coffee because I'm
really tired I went to bed at like one
o'clock last night and then I got woken
up by someone going in the bathroom at
like 7:00 something this morning and I
didn't really get back to sleep after
that so I didn't get much sleep last
night
I'm just feeling sleepy and also I think
the quantum mechanics is just sending me
to sleep to be quite honest with you oh
the Masters talk yesterday was so good
it was with two casting directors it
just gave me a really good flavor of the
entertainment industry and how the kind
of different roles casting directors
directors producers all interacts which
was really interesting and it's a really
relaxed setting as well and the Masters
Lodge lounge I'm gonna head off so I
don't keep my friend waiting at the
coffee shop and it's just around the
corner though which is very convenient
see you later
hello everyone I am back from my coffee
break had a good coffee I'm now free
energised I think that's just what I
needed
I'm about to pack up my stuff and go to
the library because I just feel like if
I sit down here I'm gonna get distracted
I'm just gonna procrastinate and I
really can't afford to do that because I
want to have all my questions done
before tomorrow because my supervision
is tomorrow it's a busy life and it's
only week one I know how about this busy
in week one of turn I'm not ready for a
whole other term I'm really not hello
everyone I'm just heading back from a
late night and library session I feel
feeling a bit stressed I've realized
that I'm spending so much time stressed
out and feeling the pressure to keep up
with work the
I'm just not enjoying the learning
experience it's such a waste because I'm
learning such amazing stuff like I wish
I could appreciate it and like enjoy
learning all this stuff but at the
moment I just feel the pressure to keep
up and I'm just so worried about falling
behind I don't know I feel if I'm
stressed now what am I going to be like
an exam term and I've got exams I don't
know okay I just got in I'm just finding
that I'm so stressed I don't really know
what to do about it and like how to not
be fast I just like involuntarily
started crying like Jesus Christ yeah
just keeping it real with you guys
sometimes you know Cambridge takes its
toll at least I got through some work
he's been a bit of a struggle today I
just haven't been feeling motivated or
productive at all so I had to kind of
keep pushing myself cuz I literally
necessarily needed to get the work done
today so I'm just pleased finally by
10:09 p.m. I'm finished I'm just gonna
head down to the kitchen quickly fill up
my water I think an early night might be
best this evening I think I'm tired as
well hello everyone that's right I'm up
earlier than I need to be what happened
to me today
I woke up and I thought mmm I could go
for a run today then I thought actually
it makes more sense to get up get an
hour of work done before lectures and
just go for a run tomorrow instead
because I want to go to concert band
rehearsal this evening and that's 7:30
till 10:00 so it's gonna take a lot of
time out of my day if I do go to that
but I also think I'd enjoy it I think
you'll be good to relieve stress and we
all know I need to be a bit less
stressed at the moment so I think I
definitely should go to that this
evening I've just got quite a lot of
work that I need to get done
hello everyone I am home for the day
just got in quite a successful day of
work actually I stayed focused so it's
looking good
had a super vision my last one for
quantum mechanics in quite a while this
evening what I'm going to do is go to
CAF to get dinner and then go to concert
band not sure how much more work I'll
get done today might get another hour in
who knows but anyway I'm gonna end the
vlog here thank you very much for
watching please give the video a like if
you enjoyed it subscribe down below to
see more videos from me hit a
notification bell then you're notified
every time I upload follow me over on my
Instagram which is act underscore page
underscore Y and I'll see you soon with
another video bye guys
[Music]
you